Update text around Elastic (#673)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/releases/ez_platform_v3.0_deprecations.md

### Elastic Search

> Experimental, deprecated & non-supported code for Elastic Search 1.4.2 has been dropped from kernel, a dedicated bundle for latests Elastic version is on the roadmap for later 3.x version. 

Reviewer: As usual I'm leery of promising what *will* happen in doc.
```suggestion
Experimental, deprecated and unsupported code for Elastic Search 1.4.2 has been dropped from kernel.
```

> Experimental, deprecated & non-supported code for Elastic Search 1.4.2 has been dropped from kernel, a dedicated bundle for latests Elastic version is on the roadmap for later 3.x version. 

Reviewer: ...or at least:
```suggestion
Experimental, deprecated and unsupported code for Elastic Search 1.4.2 has been dropped from kernel,
to be replaced with a dedicated bundle for the latest Elastic version in future.  
```
